Hybrid Learn By Use - Action Skills 7DTD XML mod.
JoeSloeMoe

Hybrid Learn By Use Action Skills. Increase half of all Perk Damage, Stamina, Harvesting etc. 
values by using tools and weapons. Upgrade the other half of stat increases using the 
Perk Tree as normal. 

Recommend starting a new game.

Currently applies to the tools and weapons for the following Perks:
Perception: DeadEye, Demolition Expert, SpearMaster, Salvage
Strength: Boomstick, PummelPete, SkullCrusher, Miner69r/Motherload.
Fortitude: Brawler, MachineGunner
Agility: Archery, Gunslinger, DeepCuts, Hidden Strike
Intellect: Electrocutioner, Robotics

Mod Functionality (configurable in buffs.xml):
- Receive a bonus skill point when you max out each Perk Skill (level 50) 
- Each Point invested in the default Perk give 20% more lbu_perk progression xp on kills. 
  e.g The Default for lbu_archery is each archery kill gives 24 progression xp. With 2 
  points in the Archery Perk (perkArchery) the progression xp is 28.8 (40% increase) per kill. 
- The more Experience using a tool or weapon you have the more you know how to maintain it.
  Each level of a LBU perk decreases associated tool/weapon degradation rate by 1% (total 50%).
  Doesnt apply to the Hidden Strike or Demolition perks.

WHY ARE THERE ONLY 50 LEVELS?
The mod is using 100 levels, it only calculates and displays every second level, so you see 50 in the UI.
For an detailed explanation, see the line "<!--NOTES on the level cap of 50--> in buffs.xml.

Config variables:
There are several Global Config variables to control the Learn-By-Use functionality. 
See buffs.xml, look for the line: "<!--PLAYER CONFIG VARIABLES..." for the variables and further information.

License:
The code is free to use license. It is based on the Action Skill levelling algorithm from 
Khaine in the Darkness Falls mod (//community.7daystodie.com/topic/4941-darkness-falls-they-mostly-come-out-at-night/). 
Please acknowledge Khaine's coal-face work if you reuse the code.

This modlet comes from the Survival No Trader mod. 

1.0.2 19th Feb 2024
- Fixed Learn By Use damage progression bug for Gunslinger.

1.0.3 22nd Feb 2024
- - Fixed: gameevents.xml file was missing from the release package. 

1.0.4 10th March 2024
- Fixed syntax error in Localisation file.

- Added Global Config variables so player can easily control the Learn-By-Use leveling curve for all Perks. 
  See progression.xml, look for the line: "<!--PLAYER CONFIG VARIABLES...." for information 

- Added Demolitions Expert to the Learn By Use tree. Molotovs & Timed Charges are slow at increasing level.
  The best way to increase the Demolitions LBU perk is using grenades/rockets on large groups of zombies.

- Fixed Learn By Use progress error after using Grandpa's Fergit'n Elixir. 
  After using the Elixir, use any tool or weapon and a buff will restore all Learn By Use Perks' progress over a short period.
  Progress Level will also be restored when there are any other Perk Level changes e.g. infection side effects. 
  If you install this version over an existing install/game, you will see a message indicating the progress level is being verified, 
  this is just your local variables being updated to the latest version.


1.0.5 17th March 2024
   - Optimised the Learn By Use Perks initialisation code. Initialisation now only depends on a single variable 
	  rather than the synchronisation of 3 different variables.
   - Added Hidden Strike to the Learn By Use Perk Tree.	
   - Fixed issue where the Miner69r/Motherload Perk allowed the harvesting rate to be applied to plants/farming 
     (e.g. shovels could get extra food when used on farm plot plants)
   - Slightly reduced Learn By Use Boomstick xp gain per target hit (shotty can hit multiple targets with a single shell).


1.0.6 7th April 2024
   - Added config setting to turn off giving a free skill point when each Perk's Progress is maxed. (On by default)
   - Changes to perk level progression speeds:
			Increased Hidden Strike progression speed. 
			Increased Dead Eye progression speed. 
			Slightly increased Archery progression speed. 
			Slightly decreased Miner69r progression speed. 
			Decreased for Boomstick as each pellet adds experience.  
			
1.0.7 13th April 2024
   - Potential fix for Multiplayer progression 
1.0.8 18th April 2024
   - Linux pathing compatability fix

1.0.9 4th May 2024
   - Full review of DemolitionExpert levelling code. Fixed levelling discrepancies between Molotovs, Grenades, Timed Charges, Explosive Arrows and Bolts
   - Slightly reduced Boomstick levelling progression.
   
1.1.0 7th July 2024
   - Points invested in the default Perk give 20% more lbu_perk progression xp for each point.
	 e.g Default for lbu_archery is each archery kill gives 24 progression xp. With 2 points in the Archery Perk (perkArchery) the progression xp is 28.8 (40% increase).
   - Config additions:
        >lbu_Kill_Bonus: when true points in a default Perk will give extra progression xp per level.
		>lbu_Kill_Bonus_Percent: the amount of additional xp given per level invested in the Perk.
		>lbu_XP_Multiplier: A multiplier for ALL progression xp gained. Increase or dercease if overall progression for Learn By Use skills is too slow/fast

1.1.1 3rd Aug 2024
   - The more Experience using a tool or weapon you have the more you know how to maintain it.
     Each level of a LBU perk decreases associated tool/weapon degradation rate by 1% (total 50%).
	 Doesnt apply to the Hidden Strike or Demolition perks.	(Configurable)
   - Changed the layout of the Perk List Window. Moved the Search Field above the Perk Tabs. The row for the Perk tabs can now hold up to 6 additional tabs for compatibility with other mods that add tabs.
   - Fixed bug that affected Perk Tree bonuses for Harvest/Damage amounts. 
	
   
